Include recommendation to file complaint (#1881)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: content/en/basics/assets/transfer-fil/index.md

|   | From an Eth-style address | From a Filecoin address |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | **To an Eth-style address** | [ETH-style address → ETH-style address](#eth-style-address--eth-style-address) | [Filecoin → ETH-style address](#filecoin--eth-style-address) |
> | **To a Filecoin address** | [ETH-style address → Filecoin](#eth-style-address--filecoin) | [Filecoin → Filecoin](#filecoin--filecoin) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **To an Eth-style address** | [Eth-style address → Eth-style address](#eth-style-address--eth-style-address) | [Filecoin → Eth-style address](#filecoin--eth-style-address) |
| **To a Filecoin address** | [Eth-style address → Filecoin](#eth-style-address--filecoin) | [Filecoin → Filecoin](#filecoin--filecoin) |
```

## Filecoin → Eth-style address

> Most wallets and exchanges currely only support `f1` or `f3` addresses. The majority of exchanges are still implementing support for `f4` addresses. This means that many wallets and exchanges won’t let you directly transfer FIL to an `f4` or Ethereum-style address. We recommend filing a support issue with the exchange to help accelerate the support of `f4` addresses. The process for sending FIL from a Filecoin address to an Ethereum address depends on the kind of wallet you have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most wallets and exchanges currently only support `f1` or `f3` addresses. The majority of exchanges are still implementing support for `f4` addresses. Many wallets and exchanges won’t let you directly transfer FIL to an `f4` or Ethereum-style address. We recommend filing a support issue with the exchange to help accelerate the support of `f4` addresses. The process for sending FIL from a Filecoin address to an Ethereum address depends on the kind of wallet you have.
```
